However, it became evident at the headquarters that we remaining strong should lead us forward and build progress with great strength in our re lifted our nation.
It is necessary to develop the economy.
By adopting the principles of the Keishun Suuso,
by promoting public education and improving public health,
we are doing our best to achieve this goal.
The government is working hard to achieve this goal.
We are trying to develop the economy,
by increasing the production capacity and improving the economic growth.
At the same time, we are not in a position to promote the general plan of the economy that includes 10,000 cities.
However, by adopting the principles of the first half of the low-budget policy,
by increasing the amount of assets we have,
and by arranging the distribution of the supplies,
we are working hard to achieve this goal.
In order to achieve this goal,
we need to make a great effort,
and we need to strengthen the economic system of the public cooperation group.
We are thinking of measuring the scale of the business.
The government is also putting enough effort into the security of the public life.
The US Department of State's other important life resources
are preparing the necessary production,
and are preparing the supply by arranging the supply.
However,
When it comes to möchte,
we must laws not be changed in Australia
We must buy
We must work hard and work in prosperity called
artillery and artillery was applause
there are a lot of countries that came through the oil record
feels like this
We hope to cooperate with munitions equipped with the slackers